Congratulation. I'm glad you made it so far.
In this course, where I started with some Java refreshment.
With that, if you're coming from a different programming language,
you should be able to pick up Java easily.
If you're coming from Java,
you just see if it can solve all the problems in the lesson.
Next we started our Spring Boot introduction.
With that, you should find yourself
comfortable to build a Spring Boot application from scratch.
We covered template engine to show you how to implement Spring Boot views.
We then covered a particular Spring Boot application web socket.
If you follow the steps,
you see how a Spring Boot application is designed and implemented.
We have also covered some miscellaneous topics,
like unit tests, validation,
exception handling, and packaging,
which are very helpful in your Spring Boot development.
Thanks for tuning in guys.
I hope this course will help you in the future. Good luck.